there's awfully really do you think that
was a better interview than any well I'm
joined right now by doublelift from Team
Liquid after an interesting match
against CLG I say interesting because I
feel like you I can't remember the last
time I saw that many dragons dragon
buffs upon the bar so what you could
tell me a little bit about how that game
went because that I came in to the
studio at one point in time and they're
like this minute and a half long
teamfight underneath the the top tower
top tower oh I think I remember what
you're talking about
excuse me so I think from my perspective
they're the early game was just like
really controlled from RN but there was
just not really do anything so like
they're balling was so scared and I just
got ahead 20 CS but we didn't even fight
like I never once got a big trade in
bought I was actually I would say we
were just playing a little passively and
trying to set up a play if that makes
sense like trying to bait them in by
playing passive but they didn't take it
so it was just like we're both playing
passively but somehow I'm ahead a lot
and that was really surprising to me so
you know I told my team hey I'm getting
really far ahead I think we should play
for BOTS here one they just gave it for
free they didn't even fight me a single
time I just took it in their face and
then we took the first two dragons I was
like okay well I have the push in Lane
like they're not contesting me at all
let's just get dragged
we took drags then we swapped and then
that's when they started actually doing
stuff it was really strange like after
we lost we walked in three objectives
then we went top
we got Herald's we got mid tier one and
then we as I was going for a top tier
one like the sixth objective of the game
that's when the game started selling out
really hard and that's what I think like
I didn't really I had no idea like what
to call because our composted Gallio
comps so it's usually best for a Gallio
to like get into fights and just like
Oltean but they weren't fighting us they
were just defending and playing really
safe so for those like next 15 minutes I
guess we didn't really neither team did
anything and that's why it took so long
for first blood to happen
and then when first split finally did
happen I believe is because impact
didn't call Mia on gnar and gnar just
came up and killed one of us and they
started baron so it's like I would say
we should have lost a game by that point
actually even though we were up five
objectives I would say we should have
lost because after they get a kill they
should be able to transition to Baron
and like win the game but then I just
started being a huge fiesta like
everyone started throwing they threw at
Baron we threw again and then like we
were actually down like four kills and
then they just got aced and then we won
the game it was just super it's just
like the weirdest game in the world like
at one point means Jake did a two-man
Baron just us two while they were
killing our team is like if one of the
enemy if anyone unsealed you just had a
brain right then and they said oh they
could be on Baron let's just go they
woulda won the game like I think we're
both playing like shit but somehow we
end up winning okay so you guys might
have one brain between all of you and
they had no brain so I guess it's the
way this works exactly exactly a lot of
things to break down from that epic
story you just told me one is okay you
mentioned that you got to a point in the
game where you didn't know what to call
cuz Gallio comp excetera so you
basically is it safe to say that you're
the guy making the calls now no but I am
the one who tells the team how to play
around my Lane I have that make sense
like I tell the team how I think like we
should our team should interact with our
ball lane and so like that means I tell
Jake like hey I think we can do this if
we if we group through my lane I think
like mid and top can play around my lane
in like a certain way and whether or not
the team listens to that it's up to you
you know how many calls are floating up
there and also like what our comp is
supposed to accomplish so ended up just
being I didn't really think we could use
Gallio on my side very well so we have
Camile like the hardest synergy with
Gallio possible in the game and then we
weren't I feel like we weren't really
able to translate Gallio camel into an
advantage for the team until very late
like 30 40 minutes into the game I don't
even know the game went 40 minutes but
really late okay so I'm just gonna have
to go back and watch the game you know
in the vaad and just figure out what
happened secondly you mentioned that
impact failed to call on m.i.a which led
to a death is that indicative of a
communication issue on to
like witnesses happened frequently or
was it just kind of like a snafu what's
this snafu bamboozle no wasn't it bamboo
I don't think using the word bamboozle
right mishap yeah yeah it was a mishap
usually impacts pretty good I think that
was just a slip-up and it it's one of
those slip ups that like is very small
but costs could have cost us costed us a
lot but yeah finally if the morale of
your story is CLG we played bad and team
like Team Liquid played bad and CLG
played worse which it sounds like that's
kind of what you're saying how bad
should na LCS fans feel right now uh I
don't know I think it's the middle of
the split so everyone every team is
actually either falling apart or trying
to like climb this mountain really
slowly and you can see very easily that
like some teams slipped up a little I
think Austin 100 thieves have especially
slipped up after having a strong start
and it's not even an indication of like
that we got worse I think every team is
just trying to figure how to improve
fast as fast as possible it's just a
slider and like a lot of teams are
consistently improving I would say like
cloud 9 TSM is consistently improving
maybe like fly Quest 2 and clutch gaming
so like some teams are very steady and
we are more of like a two step forward
one step back kind of team and so yeah
we're just working on it I guess it's
only week five I think it's safe to say
that at the end we'll be a top team what
do you think of flight quest they're
pretty good whatever they're whatever
actually now that they're gone they're
just whatever good good to know in the
interview with Avila which by the way I
request an interview with you absolutely
I request an interview with you suddenly
Ollie has to interview with you on stage
just so frustrating anyways interview
have ever been a part of so in the
interview with Ollie you they were kind
of touching on the fact that you had a
bad week last week right it's 0-2 then I
noticed on Twitter that you said that
you guys were screaming later are you
triple blocking now yeah triple blocking
we started doing that this way
this past week after 0-2 and for those
who don't know most teams scream two
blocks a day that's roughly eight hours
including like review time and and like
any sort of breaks you have with your
seed food so triple blocking you can it
can range from anywhere from like 10 to
12 hours I think for us at average is
around 11 and just having those extra
hours is supposed to help us it's also a
lot more stressful
I'd say obviously you need like you just
need to be able to deal with stress in
bigger doses and just like better as a
team and I think like we we're having
problems that's for sure and we're just
trying to work through them and and so
like hopefully this game I'm kind of
proud that we were able to play a macro
game early before we were just play like
idiots the whole time
rolling how was that game to you how do
you feel about SS performance in that
game Oh
hit play where I just play like I did
nothing nothing but I think before they
match like I had some many problem but
Peter told me like this is your program
so I wanted to fix oh but exactly that
that thing that thing happened last game
so I could say differently so I learned
a lot from him that's good this is good
because the narrative previously has
been you know there's tension here but
it seems like everything's going well I
think I have to keep this attitude I
have to learn good good tough teacher oh
yeah thank you so much holy okay he's
gone he's gone thank know I was getting
okay I mean I don't even think I'm
playing well I think everyone on the
team is it's just weird like our team
needs time to click that's all yeah why
is the triple blocking not helping or is
it helping it's just not enough to see
uh I think one week it hasn't been
enough time yeah so towards the end of
this play we'll see if it's it all comes
together or not yeah all right
there's awfully really do you think that
was a better interview than any
well I don't know you never even you
don't ask me how my day's going or
anything how's your day going
Peter well better now think of it I
guess yeah yeah no I I don't know I'd
actually forgot all these questions
they're pretty they're pretty this ain't
the standard post game questions like
how's it going and like how's that game
feel for you so I don't I think you have
more freedom interview I do
what is your favor if you were to get a
body pillow of any anime character which
which anime character would it be which
anime character oh man I haven't thought
about this one
I thought REM from re0 was pretty waifu
but now I realize that that character
actually sucks okay everyone watch these
reasons are out there REM is actually
just a terrible character like just
she's no brain like actually just so
unrealistic
I want a realistic waifu like like yeah
you got me okay you did it good job the
final thing I want to wrap up with is
you faced off against bio Frost I don't
know how much that was handled before or
how much it was discussed I don't even
think you it dude Damien was telling me
that you're gonna ask me about this well
okay
Peter you just went up against your
former support do you not feel like
that's a good story low stood what huh
do you not feel like that's a good
storyline sure okay I don't know why I
didn't ask you I don't know why I didn't
ask you it feels like it would be a good
question oh wow
my point is what was it like facing him
was there did you exploit you know
knowledge that you knew about him to
beat him
how was you know just a general
experience of facing off against him
dude I actually had no thought about it
at all during the game like I thought if
anything he played okay but jeez he's so
passive like he actually just plays like
such a little bitch and it it's everyone
on the team enemies team played like a
little bit really game so no I didn't
really think anything of it okay you
didn't whisper anything into us here
beforehand hurry no no I shouldn't
nobody gotta said good just a spongebob
game straight into the cranium created
the cranium
is there anything you want to say to any
other fans out there uh nothing really
thanks for supporting us we're working
on our problems we're trying to be we're
trying to not to be but we're doing
everything we can basically so yeah
thanks for being patient thanks for
supporting us at the end of interview I
need to address something that you were
here for before the start of this
interview a member of the fly quest
support team our staff team came up and
gave me a blue Jolly Rancher it made my
mouth blue then I was nervous about that
from the start so I forgot to shout out
Omni slash who helps make this interview
possible so thank you to Omni slash and
I need to avoid Jolly Ranchers just
threw someone under the bus say who you
can check out the rest of our coverage
of all things eSports right here at my
youtube channel did you know that me and
Brodin the cameraman are basically
contractually obligated to stick around
Travis for the rest of his life
we just we can't leave we're not allowed
to leave bread and put your hand in
front of the camera let them know you're
here
it's a sad life we live sad life
brought to you by Omni slash